PBS module doc update (#5594)
prebid/prebid.github.io: prebid-server/developers/add-a-module.md

| Entrypoint | Hook functions can see the raw request before PBS has processed or validated anything | auction, amp, video | A/B testing of account parameters, Alternate account validation, AMP pre-processing |
| Raw Auction Request | Validations have been done, but no enrichments | auction, amp, video | A/B testing of StoredRequests, Advanced device detection, Traffic Quality |
| Processed Auction Request | Any stored requests have been merged in and all PBS enrichments are done | auction, amp, video | Inject First Party Data, Channel determination, Bid floors, Bidder optimization |

> | Bidder Request | The request has been customized for a particular bidder in the auction. Note that the module will be called once for each bidder in the auction. | auction, amp, video | Bidder-specific bcat/badv, Bidder-specific deals |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Bidder Request | The request has been customized for a particular bidder in the auction. Note that the module will be called in parallel for each bidder in the auction; should you need to modify something in the ModuleContext, consider setting a field to a [sync.Map](https://pkg.go.dev/sync#Map) in a previous stage such as Entrypoint. | auction, amp, video | Bidder-specific bcat/badv, Bidder-specific deals |
```

> | Raw Bidder Response | Hook functions can get access to the unprocessed bidder response. Note that the module will be called once for each bidder in the auction. | auction, amp, video | Response validations |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Raw Bidder Response | Hook functions can get access to the unprocessed bidder response. Note that the module will be called in parallel for each bidder in the auction; should you need to modify something in the ModuleContext, consider setting a field to a [sync.Map](https://pkg.go.dev/sync#Map) in a previous stage such as Entrypoint. | auction, amp, video | Response validations |
```
